= html-template-pro

* http://github.com/tom-lpsd/ruby-html-template-pro

== DESCRIPTION:

A Ruby port of `HTML::Template::Pro'. `HTML::Template::Pro' is
template engine originally written in Perl and XS. It's so fast
because of its C based implementation. Its syntax is very simple.
This results clearly separation of application logic and its view.

== SYNOPSIS:

  # foo.rb
  require 'html/template/pro'
  
  template = HTML::Template::Pro.new(:filename => 'foo.tmpl')
  template.param(:param1 => 100)
  puts template.output
  
  # foo.tmpl
  <html>
    <head></head>
    <body>
      <h1><TMPL_VAR NAME="param1"></h1>
    </body>
  </html>

  # results
  $ ruby foo.rb
  <html>
    <head></head>
    <body>
      <h1>100</h1>
    </body>
  </html>
  
== REQUIREMENTS:

* C99 compiler.
* ruby > 1.9.

== INSTALL:

* sudo gem install html-template-pro

== SEE ALSO:

* Original perl module HTML::Template::Pro
  (http://search.cpan.org/~viy/HTML-Template-Pro-0.92/)

== WEBSITE:

 *  http://tmplpro.rubyforge.org/

== AUTHOR:

Tom Tsuruhara <tom.lpsd@gmail.com>

Original perl module HTML::Template::Pro (and most of this package's C
code) is written by I. Vlasenko <viy@altlinux.org>. Thanks to him for
his great work.

== COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE:

Copyright (C) 2009 by Tom Tsuruhara.
Most of C codes (except internal.c) are
Copyright (C) 2005-2009 by I. Yu. Vlasenko.

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the same terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as
published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2 of the
License, or (at your option) any later version.
